Pin Python minor version and document upgrade details (#235)
navapbc/template-application-flask: docs/app/README.md

    ]
}
```

> # Upgrading Python

Reviewer: shift all the headings down a level e.g. this should be h2 `##` instead of `#`. (there should only be one h1 per document and that should be the title which is at the top)

Python does [yearly releases](https://devguide.python.org/versions/) for their minor versions (eg. 3.12 -> 3.13). They do not
use semvar versioning, and their [minor releases](https://devguide.python.org/developer-workflow/development-cycle/#devcycle) contain
breaking changes.

> We have this environment configured to use a specific minor version of python just in case anything would break when the yearly release does occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pin to a specific minor version of python just in case anything would break when the yearly release does occur.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We recommend as a starting point, only pin the minor versions of Python (eg. 3.12), and not the patch versions (eg. 3.12.1) as those contain bug and security fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only pin the minor versions of Python (eg. 3.12), and not the patch versions (eg. 3.12.1) as those contain bug and security fixes.
```

> However, your project may have dependencies, or tools that rely on very specific patch versions of Python, so adjust your approach as necessary.

Reviewer: To simplify I think we can remove this line. Unless you think this is pretty common

```suggestion
```

Along with any version upgrades, you should follow all best practices for upgrading software and test the functionality
of your system before deploying to production. It is also recommended to review the [changelog](https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/changelog.html)

> for any breaking changes of features you may use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with any version upgrades, remember to:
- Test the system functionality before deploying to production
- Review the [changelog](https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/changelog.html)
for any breaking changes of features you may use
```

## Local Development
If you run any of the python code outside of the Docker container, first upgrade your version
of Python locally. The exact way you upgrade will depend on how you originally installed Python,
but one strongly recommended approach is to use [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) which allows
you to install and swap between different python versions locally.

If you run commands with Poetry, you'll also need to [configure](https://python-poetry.org/docs/managing-environments/#switching-between-environments)

> it to use the approach python version.

Reviewer: could we just tell the developer to "update their local version of python and link to "getting-started.md" for deeper instructions"?

## Dockerfile
The dockerfile that our API is built from specifies the Python version as the first step.
To upgrade this, simply change the version to the version you would like to use.

For example, to upgrade from 3.12 to 3.13, change the following line:
```dockerfile
FROM python:3.12-slim AS base
```
to
```dockerfile
FROM python:3.13-slim AS base
```

## Poetry
Adjust the pyproject.toml file line that specifies the version of Python used
to your new version. For example, to upgrade from 3.12 to 3.13, change it from:

```toml
[tool.poetry.dependencies]
python = "~3.12"
```

to
```toml
[tool.poetry.dependencies]
python = "~3.13"
```

You will then need to run `poetry lock --no-update` to make the lock file reflect this change.

## Misc
Some tools, include pyenv, reference the [.python-version](/app/.python-version) file in order to determine which

> version of python should be used. Update this to the approach version as well.

Reviewer: Could we make this whole section more concise like:

```
To upgrade the Python version, make changes in the following places:
1. Local Python version (see more about managing local Python versions in [getting started](/docs/app/getting-started.md))
2. [Dockerfile](/app/Dockerfile)
    search for the line `FROM python:3.12-slim as base`
3. [pyproject.toml](/app/pyproject.toml)
    search for the line
    ```
    [tool.poetry.dependencies]
    python = "~3.12"
    ```
4. .python-version
```

I'm trying to think of ways to improve skimmability since this doc is pretty long and I think having a bunch of subheadings might make it harder to skim

Author: I can minimize it a bit, but there are some important steps like in the pyproject file needing to run the Poetry command to fix the lock file.
